Meeting Minutes
==============================================================
(*) Robinson offered to buy us a driver
	- we need to look into what we would like so we can tell him
	- timeline for this is the next week, 2 weeks at most

(*) Everyone is highly encouraged to join the GitHub repositories I set up.
	- This should be where all of our documentation goes as it is easily and readily available to everyone
	- Task boards have been setup to better organize what we will get done
		- These tasks should be kept to a 1-3 week time period

(*) Connector design
	- I have some examples in the GitHub
	- We should have a decision on this before we have finalized any board designs

(*) Budget Constrains
	- Need to see how expensive boards are with Marco's Big Muff board
	- We might need to try and combine boards to cut costs (if that will cut costs)

(*) Recording
	- This should become a priority after basic Daisy Seed DAC/ADC is figured out
	- We never really decided on what storage medium to use

(*) We only have like 2 months before we said things would be here and be ready to test.
	- We really need to start moving


(*) Open Mic
